People keep reporting a woman
shaking their bed, saying,
"Help me! Help me!"
Are you shaking the bed?
Everything was fine,
and then a train hits her.
****
Worst experience of my life.
It's almost like it was
just walking away from us,
like it had enough.
I don't think she knows
she's dead.
When the dead are forgotten,
they become restless.
My God!
You just touched me.
What?
I did not touch you.
I'm Amy Bruni.
A haunting encounter redefined my life.
I live with that experience
and seek answers to the unknown.
It says, "I am."
I'm Adam Berry.
At Gettysburg, the shadows
and screams of dead soldiers
turned me
into a supernatural believer.
My God!
Together, our investigations
bring peace to the living...
You can't scare us.
You can't deter us.
...by giving a voice
to the dead.
I'm gonna ask you one more time.
What is your name?
Because we believe the dead
and the living are all...
...kindred spirits.
So, my friend Kate
and her husband Joe,
they have this beautiful home
that's very historic.
I was reading up on it.
This house has been
in existence --
I think it was built
in like 1750.
It's a really large house.
There's a lot of rooms.
They've only had it
for a year.
When I spoke to Kate,
she was talking about
how there was a moment
where something rushed at her.
They have a son
that's two years old,
and she will not leave
her kid in a room by himself.
It sounds like
she is worried...
...because the haunting
seems a little violent. -
- When something
like that happens... - Yep.
...you're
constantly on edge,
waiting for it
to happen again.
Here it is.
- Hey, Kate.
- Hi.
Hi. Good to see you.
- Thank you for coming.
- You're welcome.
No worries.
Thank you for having us.
I know we talked briefly...
...about the activity
that's been happening. - Yeah.
- It's gotten worse.
- It has?
Well, do you want
to take us around
and kind of show us
what's happened and where?
So, this room right here,
this is where my husband
and I sleep.
This is the
Cornelius Crocker bedroom.
It's named after the man
who built this house.
The building was constructed
in 1754 by the Crocker family,
one of the most prominent
families
in pre-Colonial Massachusetts.
Originally a stagecoach stop
and tavern,
it was converted
into a museum in 1927,
only to become a residential
home in the late 1990s.
A few months after Kate moved in
and began making renovations,
the terrifying activity started.
Tell us what
happened in here.
So, it started with
my son in a Pack 'n Play
next to the bed, and I was
just about to fall asleep,
and I saw a figure running
towards me and towards the baby.
I said, "Stop!
No! No, no, no."
- My heart was racing.
It felt...threatening. - Right.
And I have my child here.
That's what scared me
most was my baby's here.
Well, at the moment,
you probably thought it was...
...a live person coming at you.
- Yeah.
I was
absolutely terrified.
Then, a few nights later,
I hear somebody
going up the stairs,
walking into
the bedroom above us.
I woke up my husband.
I was like,
"Somebody's in the house."
So he jumps out of bed.
He went into
every single room,
under the bed, every closet --
- Yeah.
...looking,
and he didn't see anything.
Wow!
Most of the activity's upstairs.
- So let's go that way.
- Yeah.
So, besides the footsteps,
what other activity
has happened up here?
Okay, so in here,
this is where my cousin Sharon
was sleeping,
and the bed starts shaking.
Okay.
Then, a few nights later,
it keeps getting crazier.
- Two of my cousins were
locked inside this room... - Wow.
...for about 15 minutes,
and all of a sudden,
it opened.
My mother has heard things
across the hallway
in Aunt Lydia's room.
- Let's go to Aunt Lydia's room.
- Yeah, yeah.
And did you name
the rooms, or did --
No, they came named.
They came named.
So, who is Aunt Lydia?
- So, Aunt Lydia is the daughter of
Cornelius Crocker... - Okay.
...and she was a widow.
Her husband died
after they were married
for just
a couple of years.
Do you know if she passed
away in this house or --
- She did. Yes.
- She did.
So, in here, my mother
has heard somebody screaming
"Help me" clear as day.
My mother has felt people
watching her from this door
over here and from
that door in this room.
Weird.
So this is where
the center of it is.
Okay.
And you had said there were
some strange objects...
...you found while renovating?
- Yeah.
Okay, so this was a shoe
that was found in the wall
upstairs in the attic.
That's a thing, you know.
They did that on purpose.
- They did?
- Yeah.
It was considered
good luck.
They would leave a shoe in the
wall when they built a house.
So, honestly, this could be
as old as this house.
- Guessing this was somebody's mirror
on someone's dresser. - Yeah.
Yeah, for sure.
Where did you find this?
I found that upstairs in one
of the bedrooms, actually.
You were
finding these things
when you first
moved in, right?
And then
the activity started?
It definitely has picked up
since I've moved stuff around.
You feel the energy
in the house change
just even talking about it.
You know,
it's entirely possible
that moving those objects
triggered the activity.
We've seen that
in other cases,
but we'll have to find a way
to confirm it while we're here.
At the end of this
investigation,
what do you hope for us
to accomplish for you?
I will happily coexist
with any spirit
that's happy or fine with
our occupation of the house,
but if it's a bad ghost,
it's got to go. -
I have a kid.
- We need to work and make sure
it's safe for you guys. - Yes.
Yeah, figure out who it is
and why they're here.
Let's start bringing stuff in
and just get to it.
And you can go to the hotel
while we do our investigation.
We will report back to you.
Thanks, guys.
Thank you.
Investigating
a 300-year-old house
and all the people connected
to it will be a huge challenge.
I'm gonna take this camera
up to Aunt Lydia's room.
The fact that Aunt Lydia
died in the house
makes her a good candidate
for who might be causing
the unexplained activity,
but why would she be
rushing at Kate
or calling out for help?
Adam, I think the
cameras are good,
so why don't we
start investigating.
Amy and I plan to start
our investigation
where the activity
has been most physical --
the guest bedroom.
This is where people
have felt the bed shaking
and have been
locked inside.
I'm gonna hang this
off this.
- We'll use a trigger-object proximity
sensor on the door.
It's a device that lights up
and makes sound
if something touches
what it's attached to.
I'm gonna start
this recorder.
See this
little red light?
This is the device
that hears your voice.
So the closer that you speak
to this little red light,
the louder we can hear you.
My name is Adam.
This is Amy.
Hi.
Kate and her husband
asked us to come in here
and find out
what's been happening,
because things are
going on in this house
that they can't explain.
Doors are being locked,
and they don't know why.
Everything we've brought here
is just to talk to you
and learn who you are
and learn why you're here.
Someone trying to get...
Is there somebody
wanting to open that door?
Can you open that door?
Go ahead. Touch it.
If you touch the handle,
that...
It would go off.
Maybe they don't want us
to know they're there.
Do you want me
to remove the alarm?
This bed just shook.
Are you shaking the bed?
We've been investigating
for less than 30 minutes,
and we're already
getting strange activity.
There's a lady
named Lydia.
Lydia,
are you here with us?
If that's you, can you
touch that again
and make that alarm
go off?
Let's listen to this.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
What was that?
That's when
the bed shook.
"I don't want to."
Listen to that.
- And that's female.
- Yeah.
It does sound
like a female.
"I don't want to."
We heard you talk.
You have to help us
answer some questions now
because we know
that you're here.
Could you please
tell us your name?
Are you here alone?
Are you part
of the Crocker family?
See if she told us
her name.
Right there.
"Woman."
It's the same voice.
It is the same voice.
It's a woman.
- I think, since we got a female,
let's go to Lydia's. - Okay.
- Let's just go.
- You know?
Yeah. Let's do it.
This is Lydia's room.
All right, let's do some more
EVP work in here.
Do you know
any of the Crocker family?
Are you looking
for someone?
We hear so much
about Aunt Lydia.
Are you Lydia?
I'm gonna listen.
Is he saying "Willy"?
Two syllables -- dah, dah.
- We're gonna keep at it
with this little thing... - Yeah.
...with the red light.
We heard a name earlier.
It almost sounded like "Willy."
It was hard to make out,
so could you say it
a little louder?
Can you just say
the name or names
of the Crockers around here
or in this house?
I'm gonna listen.
It said it again.
What is that, you guys?
It came from over here.
It sounded
like footsteps.
Yo, there  is somebody
sitting in the chair.
Can you wave at us?
****
Yes, it's waving.
Is it saying "Willy"?
Adam and I are investigating
the Crocker house,
one of the oldest homes
in New England.
Something here is terrorizing
the newest living residents.
We're in Aunt Lydia's room,
named after a former owner
who died in the house.
After we got our first audio
recording of a name -- Willy --
we immediately heard a noise
come from the hallway.
What is that, you guys?
It came from over here.
Sounded like footsteps.
I heard that.
Well, that's
what they hear.
- They hear that all the time.
- Yeah.
So, this thing
was rattling.
Yeah, but that's not
what we heard.
Something right here,
like, on the carpet.
Sounded like this.
What happened to you?
You got us over here.
Is this something --
Is there significance
to this area?
Are you someone
who needs our help?
We know that Kate
was in here one time
and saw a shadow figure.
We can hear you
moving around,
and we're chasing you,
trying to talk to you.
Strange.
- For us to sit and ask
a million questions... - Yeah.
It's almost like it was
just walking away from us,
like it had enough.
In only our
first night here,
we've had something make
contact with a bedroom door,
heard disembodied footsteps,
and felt a bed shake.
Is all this activity coming
from the former occupant, Lydia,
or is it someone else,
maybe another Crocker?
The only new clue we have
is the name Willy.
Today, we're going to
the Sturgis Library
that has an entire
archive dedicated
to the Crocker family
in the area.
We're hoping to look for any
information on a Willy Crocker
or any stories
related to the house.
The Crocker family goes back
to the 1600s in this area,
so there's a lot to cover.
This has all
the properties,
the notable, like, historic
sites of the Crockers.
They have every Crocker
ever listed ever.
So, listen to this.
"In 1926, two women
were killed outright.
Another died on the way
to Cape Cod Hospital, Hyannis.
The automobile in which
they were riding collided
with a Hyannis-bound train
at 5:00 this evening.
The dead are Ms. Bertha Knight,
Ms. Manuel Gonzales,
and Ms. Wilhelmina Crocker."
Wait.
Okay, do you think
this Wilhelmina is the Willy
we got last night
on the recorder?
...or names of any
that are here?
Is it saying "Willy"?
I mean, it's possible
Willy could be Wilhelmina,
but then we're dealing
with a spirit from 1920,
and not 1700s.
I mean, I don't know why
she's not listed in
any of these things.
You're a Crocker.
Yeah, there's a whole...
set of Crockers that don't
seem to be listed,
which makes me wonder why.
Wilhelmina Crocker
and the train accident
is a theory
we'll need to pursue.
She was a Crocker,
and she died tragically
just a few miles from
the house we're investigating.
So it's possible she's behind
the aggressive activity
directed at Kate
and her family.
Tonight, we're gonna
start in Kate's bedroom,
where she had
the terrifying experience
of an entity charging
at her and her baby.
Let's start
with the Spirit Box.
Amy's gonna ask questions,
and you can answer
if you talk through this.
Just talk through
this thing, okay?
The Spirit Box scans
radio frequencies
that entities use
to communicate.
I wear a blindfold
and noise-canceling headphones
to block out any distractions,
so the only thing I hear
are the messages
coming through the Spirit Box.
So, can you tell me
your name?
Something happen to a car?
Was there a car accident?
"Hurry."
Hurry and do what?
"Where are you going?"
Are you part of a family
that lives here?
"Other one."
Are you part
of another family?
Another part
of the Crockers?
Could it be
something else?
Anything else
you want to tell me?
When I was asking
"Was there a car accident?"
and you said,
"Where are you going?"...
...like "Where are you going with this?"
kind of... - Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
...and I said, "Well, were you
part of the Crocker family?"
and you said,
"The other one."
Let's do EVP work in here
and see if we get any EVPs.
While Amy runs the recorder,
I'm going to use the SLS camera.
It's a device engineered
to see figures
not visible
to the naked eye.
Are we talking about
the right people?
The train accident...
do you remember that?
Did you know Wilhelmina?
Did she go
by Wilhelmina,
or did she go by
a different name?
Let's listen to this.
Hold on a second.
This thing is, like...
Yo, there  is somebody
sitting in the chair.
Hey, if you're in that chair,
can you wave at us?
****
Yes, it's waving.
Holy ****
That light just came on
by itself.
It's Night 2
of our investigation.
We're in Kate's bedroom,
where an aggressive spirit
charged at her and her baby,
but we're not alone.
Hold on a second.
This thing is, like...
Our SLS camera just picked up
an entity across the room.
Yo, there  is somebody
sitting in the chair.
Hey, if you're in that chair,
can you wave at us?
****
Yes, it's waving.
Yeah.
So, whoever's in the chair,
we see you sitting there.
Why don't you stand up
and walk over to us.
It's okay.
You're welcome to join us.
But we can see you.
You, right there,
I'm pointing to you.
Can you stand up, please?
Are you
trying to stand up?
It's gone.
That's so bizarre.
It was so
strange-looking.
I mean, it was sitting
in the chair.
It was sitting
And then, once we started
talking to it,
it started
moving all weird.
- It was sitting totally still.
- Yeah.
Almost like
it was trying to --
...either leave or get up
or not be visible.
We have activity, so we
definitely have something here.
I don't think they're
entirely sure of us yet,
but we've gotten hits
on a few things. - Yeah.
So, I don't know if
that necessarily means
that anyone involved
in the train accident is here.
- Hopefully, we can
get something... - Yeah.
...that will give answers
to Kate.
Absolutely.
But at least something's
talking to us.
And showing themselves.
We have no doubt
that there are spirits
present in Kate's house,
but who are they?
The "Willy" EVP
we captured is good,
but it's not enough
to say we're talking
to Wilhelmina Crocker,
the woman killed
in a nearby train accident.
To find out more
about Wilhelmina,
we've contacted
David Crocker,
a Crocker-family historian
and direct descendent
of the original owner
of Kate's home.
Maybe he can explain why
we couldn't find any connection
between Wilhelmina
and the Crocker house.
Hi. You must be David.
I'm Amy. This is Adam.
- Sir, how are you? Adam.
Nice to meet you. - Good.
Hi. So good to meet you.
Thank you for coming out.
No problem.
Come on in.
If you want to have
a seat over here...
Have a seat over there
on that couch.
So, where to begin?
What kind of condition
was this house in before?
It was a museum,
so the town tried
to keep it
as original as they could.
There was no
updating at all.
Yeah.
So, there are some
particular Crockers
that have come up
in our research.
Were you familiar
with someone
named
Clarence Shirley Crocker?
- No, don't think so.
- He was local.
So we were just trying to see
if there was a connection
between those Crockers
and the Crockers here.
- We're just trying to piece it
all together. - Yeah.
I don't know if
you've heard of this.
It was, like, in 1926.
His wife, Wilhelmina --
There was a big train accident.
Wilhelmina Jones?
- From next door?
There was a Jones
next door.
Really?
So, Wilhelmina Jones
married a Crocker?
Yeah.
There were more Joneses
in the village
than there were Crockers.
- We were connected with them.
We married into them. -!
Okay? There was
a million Joneses.
So Wilhelmina lived
right next door.
Right next door.
Yeah.
And were they in that house
for a long time?
Yeah. Yeah.
How long?
Until 18 years ago.
Okay.
You've been really, really
helpful. Thank you.
Well, thank you so much
for coming
and sharing your stories
and helping us
piece history together.
Appreciate your time.
It was my pleasure,
believe me.
Awesome.
Well, thank you so much.
We appreciate your help.
Dave told us a bombshell
of information.
Dave says the Joneses
lived next door.
Absolutely.
I mean, that's incredible.
At this point,
we have...a Crocker here.
We have a Jones next door.
The one house that
has stayed the same
in this neighborhood
all this time...
- ...is this house.
- Exactly.
This house
has not changed.
It looks
exactly like it did
when she would
have been alive.
People keep reporting
a woman running in here,
saying,
"Help me! Help me!"
She's going into the one place...
...that is familiar
to her.
It makes sense
that Wilhelmina
could be haunting
this house,
considering she lived
next door
and married
into the Crocker family,
but we need
definitive proof
that it's her
we're talking to.
Kate said the activity
intensified
when they moved those historical
objects during renovation,
so we're going to use
those same objects
in tonight's investigation
to see if we can get
a reaction from Wilhelmina.
Let's bring the mirror
'cause that seems sentimental.
- I'm bringing the shoe.
- Bring the shoe.
This was a shoe that
was found in the wall
upstairs in the attic.
Guessing this was
somebody's mirror.
All right, I'm gonna start
with the shoe
because it's
the oldest item here
and usually they put these
in walls for good luck.
Okay.
If there's
someone here with us
who's upset
that these shoes
and items were taken
out of the walls --
but you have to
let us know.
So just touch this like this
to let us know.
If there's anything on this
table that belongs to you,
can you tell us
what it is?
Whose mirror was this?
Is there anything
in the house that belonged
to Wilhelmina...
or her husband, Shirley?
What happened
to Wilhelmina?
Didn't record a lot.
Well, it's not attached
to the objects.
So, here's the thing --
we don't have a clear direction
as to why
Wilhelmina would be here.
What is the connection?
Adam and I believe
that Wilhelmina Crocker
is in this house,
but we need solid evidence,
and we want to know why.
More importantly,
we need to know
that this home is safe
for Kate and her family.
This feels really creepy
right now.
...what happened here...
****
God!
We don't have a clear
direction as to why
Wilhelmina would be here.
What is the connection?
There's a female spirit here
at the Crocker house.
We believe it could be
Wilhelmina Crocker,
a woman killed
in a 1926 train accident.
But we need confirmation.
So, I was thinking
a lot about it.
Since we got nothing
from the objects,
maybe we need to try
something more drastic.
So, I'm wondering,
if we split up
and I go to the scene
of the accident,
maybe we could, like,
almost trigger the activity.
I'll park safely away
from the train tracks
and do some EVP work,
talk about what happened.
You know what?
Text me when you do
your EVP session.
That way, I know
you're doing it,
and then that's when
I'll do Spirit Box...
Okay.
...and see if we can
get anything
that correlates
and matches up.
And if nothing happens,
then we'll broaden our search.
Okay.
And what we'll do is, we'll
start our timer on our phone
at the exact same time,
or a stopwatch,
and write down
if anything happens.
If you hear anything,
if you see anything,
write down exactly at what
point on the stopwatch...
...that it happens.
- Okay.
Do you think by triggering
something like this,
it's gonna...
...bring something
into this house?
Not if it
wasn't already here.
All right, let's split up
and see what happens here.
I'm curious. I've never
done anything like this.
So may as well try it.
All right, do you want to --
Let's start our stopwatches now.
- Okay, ready?
- Do the countdown.
3, 2, 1, go.
I hope this works.
Okay.
We're going to the scene
of the accident
that involved
Wilhelmina Crocker.
It makes sense sort of
in my brain.
But at this point,
we're kind of
running out of options,
so we have to think
outside the box.
I put a mini-DV camera
in this space
so that I can capture anything
that I do in there.
We want to find out if the
activity increases in this house
based on what Amy is doing
at the train tracks.
All right, we're almost there.
Is that you guys?
I just heard movement
to my right.
Where are you?
If there's anybody up here
that knows who Wilhelmina is...
...I need you to do
something up here
because I can't tell where
that sound is coming from.
Amy, who was with me,
she's out by the train tracks.
Is she safe out there?
They don't have anyone there
signaling cars to stop
when the train's coming,
so it's really scary.
The tracks are right...there.
I'm gonna move over here.
I just want to keep changing
my location...
...just because if they're not
gonna come --
Holy ****
Did you see that?
This light bulb...
Holy ****
That light just came on
by itself.
I feel so bad right now.
Like, I just feel bad.
Why did I think of this?
So, I should say in --
I mean, this thing just, like --
Like that!
That's really weird.
Is it, like, trying to turn --
My God!
Wait.
Is it trying to turn on?
Okay, so we're getting
somewhere, right?
Am I supposed to be in here?
I mean, that light came on.
Text Adam Berry --
"Starting EVP session now."
Okay, so she's starting
the EVP session now.
Let me grab the Spirit Box.
So, right now, in real-time,
Amy's gonna do an
EVP session and ask questions
I can't hear and have
no knowledge of and record it,
and I'm gonna listen
to the Spirit Box
and see if the answers correlate
with what she's asking.
If this works, it will be the
first time that I've ever seen,
on any investigation ever,
triggering a spirit
based on being at a location
where they passed away.
This feels really
freakin' creepy right now.
Hello?
I know there was a terrible
accident,
and I feel like one of you
might be looking for help.
My friend is waiting
at the Crocker Tavern right now.
He's waiting for you.
"Hi."
"I'm outside."
Why did you go there?
Who was there
who could help you?
"Help me."
There's a scream at 22:29.
Can you say something
if you're here?
Just talk into this
little red light.
Or go see my friend
at the Crocker Tavern.
His name is Adam.
That sounded like an explosion.
I have that feeling like
something's definitely here.
I don't know if it's just
the imprint of what happened
here or what,
but I don't like it one bit.
Let's listen to the first
one real quick.
"Trigger."
24:28.
****
God!
"" 24:39.
You guys, come on. Let's go.
Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
I'm done. ****
You've got to be ****
kidding me. ****
What?
She just texted me,
"My God."
What did we just start?
"Trigger."
24:28.
I'm on the tracks
where Wilhelmina Crocker
was killed in 1926,
trying to make contact with her.
****
God!
"" 24:39.
Wait a minute.
Let's wait and see
if a train actually comes.
Is a train really coming?
You've got to be kidding me.
You've got to be ****
kidding me. ****
You've got to be kidding me
right now.
I think that's our cue.
You guys, come on. Let's go.
Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
I'm done.
Time to go.
"Thank God."
I am shaking.
So, the train alarm goes off
and no train comes.
I  have to tell Adam.
What?
She just texted me,
"My God."
Hey. What's up?
Okay, so, the most **** thing
that's ever happened
in the history of my life
just happened.
What?
So, we were doing
an EVP session,
and the train alarm went off
like a train was coming. - What?
For like 10--
Yes, for like 10 seconds,
and then it stopped,
and a train did not come.
Are you kidding me?
No, and now we're running,
and my voice is shaking.
I'm that terrified right now,
and I'm ready to come back.
I'm just gonna keep going
until you get here, okay?
Okay.
Okay. Bye.
Bye.
You guys...
are you kidding me right now?
What did we just start?
If you're down here with us,
Amy's on her way back.
I don't know. Whatever --
Whatever happened,
whatever you did,
you know, she's coming back.
It's so creepy.
I'm sorry, but sitting there
on that track was, like,
one of the creepiest feelings
I've ever had.
I shouldn't be scared.
This is my job. Whatever.
But, like, there are certain
things that happen
that really freak you out,
and that was maybe
the most terrifying thing
that's ever happened to me
as a paranormal investigator.
Adam?
Yeah?
I'm in the master bedroom.
Not even kidding you.
Worst experience
of my life.
Okay, here.
Sit down for a second.
The alarm to the train went off,
which makes no sense.
Because I was thinking about it.
It has to be a switch.
It's not gonna be
triggered by you.
Show it to me.
****
- We all think a train is coming.
- Like, nervous. Yeah.
I point back.
It's so messed up.
That is crazy!
So, I'm filming,
and then it just stops!
It just stops!
I think that's our cue.
That is **** up, y'all.
Okay --
Is that not the most
insane thing you've ever seen?
What I find interesting
is that you didn't
get any EVPs, right?
No.
Because she
literally was here.
So, at first,
I am in Lydia's room.
There was, like, little
movement, little knocking.
And then I say, "Hey, do you
know where my friend is?"
I was like,
"She went for a drive.
I just hope she doesn't
go down to that road."
Because there's nothing there
to warn you.
And I was like,
"And it's dangerous."
And then I start moving,
and the light on the stand
comes the **** on.
Light turns on.
Turns on.
What?
You heard it click?
It scared the hell out of us.
And that's when
I was sitting
on the couch
in Lydia's room,
getting things like,
"Hi. I'm outside."
Scream.
There was a scream.
There was something that
sounded like an explosion.
"Help me."
That's exactly
what they hear.
I know!
That's what's so crazy!
My mother has heard
somebody screaming "Help me"
clear as day.
Look how many
we got answered.
Yeah, that's a lot.
I've never seen anything
like it in my life.
It really worked.
This is truly
an amazing moment.
In all my years
of investigating,
I have never
done this before --
triggering activity
in a home
by contacting a spirit
at the spot where they died.
We're convinced it was
Wilhelmina Crocker
who caused the
train signal to go off
and that she was speaking to
Adam through the Spirit Box.
But we still want
to understand why she's here,
so we need
to continue investigating.
We're going to use
Wilhelmina's death certificate
as a trigger object
and see if she talks to us.
Okay. Here we go.
All right, let's do
an EVP session.
We're looking for
Wilhelmina Crocker.
We just keep hearing stories
of a woman coming here
asking for help,
and we think it might be you.
We're here to help you.
We have friends
who live in this house,
and...they're
concerned, too.
They want to make sure
you're okay.
I went to
the train tracks,
and it was
the train tracks
where your accident
happened...
...where you were killed.
Did you see me there?
Were you talking
to Adam, too?
Are you walking around upstairs
when people hear footsteps?
Can you tell us who
Clarence Shirley Crocker is?
Do you know that you were
in an accident?
It's been...almost 100 years
since you passed away.
All right, we're gonna take
a listen to this, okay?
"Yes."
Did that say,
"My husband"?
...your death certificate.
It says,
"death certificate."
I don't think she knows
she's dead.
Can you tell us who
Clarence Shirley Crocker is?
"My husband."
We just made contact
with an intelligent spirit
we believe
is Wilhelmina Crocker.
"No."
I don't think she knows
she's dead.
This is extremely
delicate territory we're in.
We really have to be careful
how we speak to Wilhelmina
if she doesn't understand
she's dead.
This frustration
could be the reason
behind the
aggressive activity.
Let's ask her.
Maybe that's why.
Wilhelmina, I brought something
here for you to look at,
and I'm sorry
to show it to you,
but tell me, can you --
can you read this?
Can you see this?
I'm just bringing it here
to show you that it's
your death certificate.
Do you know that you were
in an accident?
There was a tragic accident
that happened up the road.
You unfortunately
didn't make it.
We don't know where
you're supposed to go,
but what we  can do for you
is help you in the
current state that you're in
until you figure it out.
Just tell us what you
want us to do.
I'm gonna listen.
It says,
"death certificate."
"I'm going home."
Says, "I'm going home."
It says, "I'm going home."
If you're leaving,
goodbye.
Mrs. Crocker,
we know this is hard...
...but we'll make sure
no one forgets you, okay?
They should name
a bedroom after her.
They should.
The Wilhelmina Room.
I think at this point,
we have a lot of news
for Joe and Kate.
They're not in danger.
Definitely not.
We're meeting up with Kate
and her husband, Joe,
to tell them
what we've learned.
- Hey, guys. Welcome back to the house.
- Thank you.
Welcome back
to your home.
Have a seat.
It's a tough one.
It was a tough case,
but I think we figured it out.
Yeah.
So, one of the things that we do
is we search for tragedy,
and we found, in 1926,
there was a woman named
Wilhelmina Crocker.
She was with
three other women.
They were driving.
They went over
a railroad crossing,
and they just got T-boned by a train...
- My God.
...a passenger train go--
And one of them that passed
was Wilhelmina Crocker.
And so we start just saying,
you know, "Wilhelmina.
Is there a
Wilhelmina Crocker here?"
And that was what
started getting a response.
And so we'll play
some EVPs for you.
You hear "Willy."
Wow. "Willy." Yeah.
And so, what we couldn't
figure out
was the connection
between this accident site
that's three miles away
and your house.
We thought, "What if I go
to the accident site
and investigate what would
happen at the house
at the same time?"
What happened is probably
the most insane experience
I've had as an investigator.
So we'll show you
the footage.
Is there something
that I can do for you?
Can you tell me
what happened here...
****
What?!
Yeah.
This is the winter in Cape Cod.
There are no trains.
Is a train really coming?
What?!
So, at that point,
we ascertained,
"Okay, Willy is here.
Wilhelmina is here."
So brings us to, like,
"So, well, what do we do?"
We sat down last night,
and we had, like, this
very intense
heart-to-heart with her,
and we got really great
EVP responses. -
"I'm going home."
My God.
I have goose bumps.
Look at that.
We think Wilhelmina was causing
the extreme activity,
like, locking doors and, like,
trying to get your attention.
So we feel like
at this point,
that kind of activity's
gonna stop.
It's not gonna harm you.
I sort of had the idea of,
like, naming one of the rooms
after Wilhelmina.
- That sounds like a great idea.
- That's a great idea.
I mean, just to kind of
pay a little respect.
I think you guys are doing a
wonderful job keeping the house,
so feel free to live in it, enjoy it.
So cool.
Thank you guys so much.
You're welcome.
Many, many thanks.
When we started this case,
we believed Aunt Lydia
could be causing the activity,
but the more we listened,
the closer we came to the truth.
Wilhelmina's sudden death
at the train tracks
left her spirit confused
and seeking help at the
one place that felt like home.
Now that her story
has been told,
she can finally move on
and, we hope, be at peace.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org